# EVA4 15B : Monocular DepthMap and Mask Prediction

## Problem Statement:
Given 2 images:
1 image having foreground objects & background scene 
1 background image,
predict the depth map as well as a mask for the foreground object. 


## Dataset Download
You can download the complete dataset from the google drive link below :
[Generated Dataset of 400K DepthMap Images](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1qtppG6Nnf9WClSNOuRWS4fUMJUYsJga0)



## Dataset of 400k Images
The github code is available at:(https://github.com/MohuaSinha/EVA4/tree/master/S15A)

## Dataset Description
The dataset consists of following types of images: </br>
* Background Images: These are images of a scene, in this case a park. These images are under the folder bg.
* Foreground Images: These are images of an object, in this case a dog with a transparent background. These images are under the folder fg.
* Foreground Mask Images:These are the mask images of the foreground image. Thse images are under the folder mask.
* Generated Images: These are images generated by superimposing the object on the scene, i.e, the dog on the park. For each foreground and background combination, the foreground images is superimposed at 20 random positions, and again flipped superimposed at 20 random postitions. These images are under the folder fg_bg.
* Mask for Generated Images: This is the mask for generated images. These images are under the folder fg_bg_mask.
* Depthmap Images:These are the depthmap images of the generated image, these are generated using a DepthDepth model. Thse images are under the folder depthmap.

### Total Count of Images ###

| Image Type  | Number of Images |
| ------------- | ------------- |
| Background Image  | 100  |
| Foreground Image  | 100  |
| Foreground Mask Image  | 100  |
| Generated Image  | 400000  |
| Generated Image Mask  | 400000  |
| Depthmap Image  | 400000 |

## [Code:] (https://github.com/MohuaSinha/EVA4/blob/master/S15B/S15B_Trial1.ipynb)
## Reference: 
[DenseDepth](https://github.com/ialhashim/DenseDepth)
